I think the better question here is what other majors did I not consider?
I switched my major so many times during my college grow and not
officially so I didn't officially ever filed paperwork to switch my
major, But in my in my mind, I switched my major. I'm going to say
at least twice a semester for the first 2 to 3 years. And what determined
this was was really the professors that taught the classes that
I took. So when I took a class with a great professor and they brought
all of their passion into the classroom, it was infectious. And
I caught the bug like every time. And so if you look at my my career
or my major over the first three years of my college education, you
know, I started with psychology, but other ones that I considered
or you know, kind of switched to were geology Anthropologie, uh, foreign
language. I was gonna be a translator for the u. N. I still think
that would have been a good, good career choice. But anyways, um
history English, I think that might have been it. There might have been
a few more in there. Um, really. I changed my mind all the time.
I was just kind of, you know, whatever got me excited. I was like,
This is what I'm doing. Everything else is dead to me. I'm doing this
now, so I changed my major quite a bit.